+++
title = "Launch of my personal programming website: Programming Insights"
description = "Talking about the motivations behind launching my website."
date = 2024-11-09
updated = 2024-11-09

[taxonomies]
tags = ["meta"]
+++

I'm happy to announce the launch of my personal programming website "Programming
Insights". This is a place where I can share my thoughts, projects, and
experiences I've had in the programming world. I've been wanting to create a
personal website for a long time, and I'm excited to finally have it up and
running.

# About the name

There are 2 hard problems when it comes to programming: cache invalidation,
naming things, and off-by-1 errors.

I had a hard time trying to come up with a good name for this website. I don't
want something that has my name in it, but I also want to something that
indicates it's a personal blog dedicated to programming. For now I've settled
with "Programming Insights". Over the course of my 9+ years of programming, I've
accumulated a lot of insights about programming, and that's where the name comes
from. It may change eventually as I continue to learn, evolve and get new ideas
that are hopefully better.

# About the website

I built this website using [Zola](https://www.getzola.org/), a static site
generator written in Rust. I chose Zola because I wanted to use Rust for my
website, and Zola seemed good. I was debating on using
[Hugo](https://gohugo.io/), but it felt more thematic to use a Rust tool.
Additionally, the theme I'm currently
using—[Tabi](https://www.getzola.org/themes/tabi/)—is one that I approve a lot.
It has a responsive design, it's easy to work with, looks good, and it has great
accessibility. I enjoy using tools that care about all those details that are
often forgotten.


Please enjoy the website!
